# Empty lines and comment lines starting with '#' are ignored
# Default font table: NumFontSizes = 7, NumFonTypes = 12

bold 8px Courier
bold 10px Courier
bold 12px Courier
bold 16px Courier
bold 18px Courier
bold 24px Courier
bold 32px Courier

italic bold 8px Courier
italic bold 10px Courier
italic bold 12px Courier
italic bold 16px Courier
italic bold 18px Courier
italic bold 25px Courier
italic bold 32px Courier

8px Courier
10px Courier
12px Courier
16px Courier
18px Courier
25px Courier
32px Courier

italic 8px Courier
italic 10px Courier
italic 12px Courier
italic 15px Courier
italic 18px Courier
italic 25px Courier
italic 32px Courier

bold 8px Helvetica
bold 10px Helvetica
bold 12px Helvetica
bold 16px Helvetica
bold 18px Helvetica
bold 25px Helvetica
bold 32px Helvetica

italic bold 8px Helvetica
italic bold 10px Helvetica
italic bold 12px Helvetica
italic bold 16px Helvetica
italic bold 18px Helvetica
italic bold 25px Helvetica
italic bold 32px Helvetica

8px Helvetica
10px Helvetica
12px Helvetica
16px Helvetica
18px Helvetica
25px Helvetica
32px Helvetica

italic 8px Helvetica
italic 10px Helvetica
italic 12px Helvetica
italic 16px Helvetica
italic 18px Helvetica
italic 25px Helvetica
italic 32px Helvetica

bold 8px Times
bold 10px Times
bold 12px Times
bold 16px Times
bold 18px Times
bold 25px Times
bold 32px Times

italic bold 8px Times
italic bold 10px Times
italic bold 12px Times
italic bold 16px Times
italic bold 18px Times
italic bold 25px Times
italic bold 32px Times

8px Times
10px Times
12px Times
16px Times
18px Times
25px Times
32px Times

italic 8px Times
italic 10px Times
italic 12px Times
italic 16px Times
italic 18px Times
italic 25px Times
italic 32px Times
